&1 Hey, I just wanted to let you know that I'm currently having a BALL... of yarn.

&2 You know, this may be my first time kidnapping someone, but you've really got me YARN-ing for more.

&3 Don't mess with my supplies in there, or I WOOL hunt you down!!

&4 I WOOL always have time to check on you, alllwwwaaayyysss.

&5 A lot of people people say I might be a little crazy about knitting, they're KNOT wrong though.

&6 So many people don't appreciate those who knit by hand anymore, I blame William Lee and his stupid knitting machine.

&7 Lot's of famous people have been known to knit ya know, Kristen Stewart, Robin Williams, Meryl Streep, just proof that it's cool.

&8 Did you hear about the cat who ate a ball of yarn? She had a litter of MITTENS!!! HAHAHAHAHAHA, I crack mysel up...

&9 I keep hearing about all these crazy conspiracy theories online, if you ask me it all sounds like nothing but loom and doom.

&10 Sometimes I like to use yarn as decorations, I feel like it really TIES a room together!

&11 Ya know, kidnapping wasn't my first devious plan for revenge. I was orginally gonna go around attacking people with knitting needles, but I was worried people might notice a PATTERN.

&12 I'd like to think I'm pretty good at making crochet jokes, you could say I'm a bit of a KNIT-WIT.

&13 This is gonna be the last place you ever see, SWEATER you like it or not.

&14 Did you know people have suggested that knitting has been practiced since as early as 500 A.D.? Just goes to show that it's a timeless art form.

&15 I heard that some people have seen George Lucas knitting in public, surely the yarn is strong with him.

&16 AHHHHH CRAP you made me mess up my stitch!!

&17 I wonder if I could use my knitting needles like chopsticks... I could make a noodle scarf...

&18 I still can't believe those painters locked me in this closet, they didn't even leave any knitting supplies...

&19 You should really try checking out my blog. The Crossed Needles has all my own pattern designs, tons of tricks and tips videos, and so so so much more! Anyone who's serious about knitting has got to visit it!

&20 I tried really hard to tie you up with that yarn. It may not seem like it, but it's not exactly the best substitute for rope.

&21 I'm still not sure why my image of you isn't working, I've never been good with computers... only yarn.

&22 It probably would've been wiser to double check my camera before you woke up... no matter, it's not like you're going anywhere.

&23 Would you have been more comfortable with the lights on? I didn't really think you'd need to see sitting around in that chair.

&24 Recently, I've been trying to create an entirely knit-made outfit, but it turns out it's pretty hard to make quality shoes out of yarn...

&25 Hey, what size shirt are you? I thought it might be fun if I made us matching sweaters to dedicate the occasion!

&26 Ignore those picture scraps, I just had a bit of a fit while looking at them. Not like you'll get a good look at them in the dark anyway.

&27 I'm really happy to have someone to chat with, even if it's someone who reeks of paint.

&28 You know, someday we'll both look back on this day and laugh. Though in the end I'm not sure you'll end up the way I have...

&29 I hear you squirming around in that chair! At least I think that's it, I can't really tell without being able to see you...

&30 I hate people that take forever to pick out yarn, they're so KNIT-PICKY!